welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season six episode
one if you manage to actually stay awake
through it you remember that season five
of fear was maybe the worst season of
television ever but the season six
premiere was actually kinda
good so fingers crossed were back on
track at the end of last season our
group had to finally give in and ask
virginia and her generically evil gang
for their help she split our group up
among her different colonies but was
gonna kill morgan but
oh failed he was shot in the chest
though bleeding out with zombies closing
in
did morgan survive we start off the
episode though with a new character a
cowboy eating beans when a dude walks in
who needs help it's like hey man i got
your back he gives him a nice speech
about beans but then his bloodhound
comes it's like hey that's the dog
that's been chasing me
yeah i know it's my dog oh axe
decapitation
yeah this dude's a badass bounty hunter
he was hired to get some mystery key
that this guy had but now he gets called
from virginia hey i got a job for you i
don't know if he's alive or dead but
track down morgan jones
turns out morgan is alive except oh his
eyes are super bloodshot and i guess a
month has passed because he's grown out
an epic beard he's still hiding out from
virginia's rangers and he's got a weird
new power zombies
don't want to eat him apparently because
he's dying from his gunshot wound it's
gone necrotic he smells like death he's
got a nice home base and a water tower
now and he writes the coordinates on his
bag in case i guess he forgets but then
finds a working gps system as he's
walking around town he happens to find a
baby crib with a horse carousel mobile
on it this of course reminds him of his
new crush grace they fell in love while
riding the carousel and she is pregnant
though not with morgan's baby apparently
with the dude she worked with at the
nuclear power plant before he died
anyway morgan makes a new friend a nice
dude named isaac and when the bounty
hunter comes looking for morgan isaac
covers for him he doesn't believe him
and searches the store himself but
doesn't find morgan because he was
passed out in the back alley they go
back to morgan's water tower and isaac
needs his help see he's got a pregnant
wife and that's why he went out to get
baby supplies but she's in a place
surrounded by zombies he needs morgan to
help clear it isaac used to actually be
one of virginia's rangers but he saw
morgan's group's psa tapes about how
they help people and it's like yeah man
i need your help just then though bounty
hunter's back and knocks over the water
tower morgan does have a gun but bounty
hunter's like hey man we've all seen
your video i know you don't kill people
so i'm just gonna call your bluff morgan
does shoot him in the arm though and
that's enough for them to get away for
now by the way there's still the mystery
of how morgan survived apparently some
random new character found him patched
him up and left him a note like hey you
still got things to do so watch out for
that but for now ice can morgan make it
to where his wife's holed up in a dam
reminding us all of how good the show
was in season three it's like yo there's
way too many zombies to fight but with
your new stinky death power you can
sneak right through him get the supplies
to her this goes well for a minute until
morgan is i guess
overcome with exhaustion collapses which
draws the zombie's attention and oh
they're gonna have to fight after all
luckily moments after collapsing morgan
gets his second wind i guess and goes on
an epic one-armed zombie-killing spree
yeah i guess there weren't too many to
take on after all so isaac makes it back
to his pregnant wife who's hiding out in
the ruins of this town that was buried
under the lake but now that the dam's
broken the lake's gone and the town
ruins are here again it's like yo morgan
we should find your friends and start a
new settlement here it's a nice
protected valley and on the map it looks
like a lake so virginia won't find it
but morgan's like nah man i'm dying of
my wound anyway it's your job to find my
friends and start a new life here so
when the bounty hunter tracks him down
morgan's gonna sacrifice himself so
isaac and his family can live but what's
this
oh isaac joins the fight it's like
morgan you can't sacrifice myself for me
because i'm bit yeah i'm gonna die
i need you to live and take care of my
family so morgan and bounty hunter fight
stick vs axe it looks like axe is gonna
win but
oh stick is pretty strong morgan manages
to knock him off his feet and i'll stab
the guy in the shoulder pinning him to
the ground
but it's like yo morgan i'm still gonna
get you eventually because you won't
kill me but morgan's holding this guy's
axe and oh
decapitates him morgan's whole character
arc starting back in the walking dead
prime has been flip-flopping between
cold-blooded killer and no killing
pacifist it's been exhausting because
it's like hey man there's an easy
solution here just kill sometimes
if you have to and it looks like
morgan's finally figured that out so the
next day morgan's all patched up i guess
his deadly infected necrotic wound is
gonna be okay isaac's wife gave birth to
a beautiful baby girl and they're naming
her morgan after her new godfather yes
isaac died of a zombie bite so taking
care of his new goddaughter is giving
morgan a reason to live when a zombie
wanders up
morgan grabs his stick to kill it but
has a better idea cause this guy's giant
axe is laying around yeah morgan's not a
stick guy anymore he's an
axe guy so when our current villain
virginia expects to find morgan's head
instead she finds the bounty hunter's
head
it's like yo morgan i thought you don't
kill people but he's got a message for
her
morgan jones is dead yes morgan's got a
whole new style now with the bounty
hunter's hat and jacket his awesome new
beard
i'm all about it but now at the end of
the episode we meet some new characters
who hired the bounty hunter to get that
key in the first place that morgan now
has they spray painted the end is the
beginning on
wait what's this a submarine sure why
not i'm excited to see where this goes
because this show can't possibly be
worse than last season and that's how
the fear the walking dead season 6
premiere comes to an end
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button i'm doing the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap hit the join button support
the channel as a member